New Readme for Hazelcast 5 (#19061)
hazelcast/hazelcast: README.md

----

## What is Hazelcast

Hazelcast is a distributed computation and storage platform for consistently
low-latency querying, aggregation and stateful computation against event streams
and traditional data sources. It allows you to quickly build resource-efficient,
real-time applications. You can deploy it at any scale from small edge devices
to a large cluster of cloud instances. 

A cluster of Hazelcast nodes share both the data storage and computational load
which can dynamically scale up and down. When you add new nodes to the cluster,

> the data is automatically rebalanced across the cluster. Running computational

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the last sentence but it might very well just be my English.

Should there be a comma? "Running computational tasks, snapshot their state and scale ..."? Shouldn't it be "Run ..."? Or maybe it's meant as something completely different?

tasks (known as jobs) snapshot their state and scale with processing guarantees.

## When to use Hazelcast

Hazelcast provides a platform that can handle multiple types of workloads for
building responsive applications.

* Stateful data processing over streaming data or data at rest
* Querying streaming and batch data sources directly using SQL
* Ingesting data through a library of connectors and serving it using
  low-latency SQL queries
* Pushing updates to applications on events
* Low-latency queue-based or pub-sub messaging  
* Fast access to contextual and transactional data via caching patterns such as
  read/write-through and write-behind)
* Distributed coordination for microservices

> * Replicating data from one region to another or between data centers in the

Reviewer: I know that we're trying to move away from the caching use case but it's still are major use case. I would suggest keeping it here somewhere at the end.

Author: I have " Fast access to contextual and transactional data via caching patterns such as
  read/write-through and write-behind)" - how do you think we can phrase it?

Reviewer: Ah, missed that one :facepalm: LGTM

[watermarks](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/architecture/event-time-processing.html).

#### Data Processing using SQL

Jet also powers the [SQL engine](link to SQL) in Hazelcast which can execute
both streaming and batch queries. Internally, all SQL queries are converted to
Jet jobs.

```sql
CREATE MAPPING trades (
    id BIGINT,
    ticker VARCHAR,
    price DECIMAL,
    amount BIGINT)
TYPE Kafka
OPTIONS (
    'valueFormat' = 'json',
    'bootstrap.servers' = 'kafka:9092'
);
SELECT ticker, ROUND(price * 100) AS price_cents, amount
  FROM trades
  WHERE price * amount > 100;
+------------+----------------------+-------------------+
|ticker      |           price_cents|             amount|
+------------+----------------------+-------------------+
|EFGH        |                  1400|                 20|
```

### Messaging

Hazelcast provides lightweight options for adding messaging to your application.
The two main constructs for messaging are topics and queues.

#### Topics

Topics provide a publish-subscribe pattern where each message is fanned out to
multiple subscribers. 

> ```python

Reviewer: I would really like examples for Java as well just like you did above. I understand why you did it but it feels wrong to leave out Java completely. It's a small code snippet and maybe having two languages next to each other actually emphasizes the polyglot aspect even more.

topic = client.get_topic("my_topic")

def handle_message(msg):
    print("Received message %s"  % msg.message)
topic.add_listener(on_message=handle_message)
topic.publish("my-message")
```

For examples in other languages, please refer to the [docs](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/data-structures/topic.html).

#### Queues

Queues provide FIFO-semantics and you can add items from one client and remove
from another.

```python
import hazelcast

client = hazelcast.HazelcastClient()
q = client.get_queue("my_queue")

q.add("my-item")
my_item = q.take().result()

print("Received item %s" % my_item)
```

For examples in other languages, please refer to the [docs](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/data-structures/queue.html).

## Get Started

Follow the [Getting Started
Guide](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/getting-started/install-hazelcast)
to install and start using Hazelcast.

## Documentation

> Read the [documentation](https://hardcore-allen-f5257d.netlify.app/) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [documentation](https://docs.hazelcast.com/) for
```

Wrong docs link.

  development team and other Hazelcast users.
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/tags/hazelcast)

> ### Building From Source

Reviewer: Should this be a subsection of "Get Help"? Maybe rather a separate section like "Development" or something else.

Author: I added a new contributing section - which was in the Jet readme but missing here.
